OSDOCS-5737: oc-mirror applying release signatures (#58953)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oc-mirror-differential-updates.adoc

* If you specified a top-level namespace for the mirror registry during the initial image set creation, then you must use this same namespace every time you run the oc-mirror plugin for the same mirror registry.
====

> . Configure your cluster to use resources generated by oc-mirror.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure your cluster to use the resources that oc-mirror generated.
```
